when was it to add the lawyer to the goods and
lawyers
I have here the schedules a video was
I want to make a
distinction is for you between the concept
domicile and residence and housing
housing housing a theme at a minimum
curious that for those who do not study
right
a very important topic for those who do
with a certain frequency is a
matter Isabel charge contest
and for those who are studying right to
within the trading heaven of the
civil code and that the processes
now collect on your tests in your
assessments
good and the importance of this destination
domicile and residence housing is to
when even here a lawyer is
When are you going to propose an action?
against an individual where you go
You will show the judge that you are the
place where it can be found right
this great importance of domicile
residence and housing
ok let's try to understand the distinction
We always understood housing.
domicile residence as words
synonyms because it marries people the place
where we live in a concept
religious concept there common sense
is our home a place where we
mora is a sacred place a holy place o
boy we rest as meetings
family members including here in brazil have
places where the body of a
sick dear that she only in the house where
he lives
nene, so she has this stamp in saint 1
consecrated and that's why we used to
make this mess but to the world of
right
forgetting the question of religion
what a difference people make is the concept
of residence house home
silvio venosa and does not even mention that the house is
when the granddaughter between the individual and the place
relationship when there is a
there relationship between the individual and
place but it's important we distinguish
a little more and add
this distinction that housing is a place
where an individual has relationship
with the location is not necessarily
definitive
I do not necessarily need to, right?
resided or remain in your
girlfriend he meets
Okay, I'll try to explain to you, I
I intend to make a final trip of the year.
right I'll get you to rent a house for
a 30 day period that has lost 2 of my
vacation here place I have mine
residence
here is the place for the student to pass
my vacation for 30 days and it is not
considered my residence is not
considered my home because
I do not intend to live
definitely neoton one more study
prolonged there than in my own
residence
Alright, we can already understand.
that the residence residence in court
both the dwelling is a place where the
people have a certain relationship
and Mom is not this relationship and more
longer lasting where I intend to
stay with a definite certainty
This is where I plan to stay with the
period of time
in a rally there in article 70 of the code
civilian will not talk about my lord place
where the natural person establishes his
residence
with a definite then I 'll grouper
place when definitive
that place where is my
residence is my domicile
good lawyers there we understand
when domicile the city né
where do you find yourself at the residence of
already well when they arrived at
qualify a person right
So-di single wall having such Brazil
there were residents on the street such right
in the total number paulo neighborhood and two in the
blood in case large field is
tempting residence the house itself of
county where the house is located rock
okay
why this distinction is important
because when will propose an action the
Code of Civil Procedure provides that
have been the places where actions should
be the defendant's domicile or
of the child, or where the fact happened
the legal relationship then a series of
extinction and we need to know where
it is the domicile you are able to propose to
propose action
my body is correct as soon as the residence is
Where are you going to deploy the person?
the domicile is where the residence is
where you will find it right
then look good residence residence and
domicile I am are different between
but are also mainly linked to the
residence is a place where the
property establishment with death
of the owner of the place where the
my residence
ok well I hope you
understood either of them have
comment for us the year
on the site contact that I am
so keep a young person is for us who
also did not like jewelry if they can
enjoy our channel and I hope that
it has been clear that any doubt
We're there to kick you in. Thank you.